lower official
It's not a lie.
It's quiet.
These 400,000 people
And this Qinzhou country
Have to keep
Do you know why I'm helping you like this?
because
I can tell.
You have people in your heart
So I believe you.
I believe you too
Can be saved
Wang Junsheng and I
All the time
We agreed together
Witness a new love spell
But now
But about to be two
Blame me
Brother Ye Xuan
That's why we have to do it.
The agreement with the king
Protect more people
Do our best
Definitely
Brother Ye Xuan
Actually, there's something else I want to tell you
So what's up?
I am pregnant
Oh, really?
Then why didn't you say it earlier?
Then why did you carry heavy objects yesterday?
Hey I don't mean to blame you I mean
How strong are you now?
Why don't I cook you something special later?
Brother Ye Xuan
I was going to find the right opportunity to tell you
But I never had time to say
You won't find a good opportunity.
Your good brother is a busy man
I'll buy you dozens of maids now.
Take care of you
Brother Ye Xuan
There won't be enough people here.
It will be troublesome if it is mixed into this mouth.
third brother
Inside the third brother's palace
Concubine Ji Gui sent someone over
Said to ask the third sister-in-law to enter the palace to see him